= Encrypted Cookie Store

== Description

Encrypted cookie based session for Rails 3.

== Summary

There are times when one must store things in a session that are not necessarily meant for anyone's eyes. Database or memcache sessions should be used for highly confidential information, however, for information that is not mission critical but still could benefit from a little discretion, an encrypted session cookie might be a good option.  EncryptedCookieStore is a drop in replacement for the built in ActionDispatch::Session::CookieStore.  +encrypted-cookie-store+ uses the +encrypted-cookies+ gem to store the session information in an encrypted and signed cookie, instead of only using a signed cookie, as ActionDispatch::Session::CookieStore does.

== Usage

Enabling an EncryptedCookieStore is easy. Just add the gem requirement to your +Gemfile+:

    gem 'encrypted-cookie-store'

Then update then session store you are using in +config/initializers/session_store.rb+:

    Storefronts::Application.config.session_store :encrypted_cookie_store, :key => '_app_name_session'

Writing and reading from the session is the same:

    session[:tid_bit] = "of information"
    session[:tid_bit] # => "of information"

== Disclaimer

This is provided as is. No guarantee is given for the security of the data written or read by this software. This has not been tested for cryptographic rigor. Use at your own discretion and risk. This should not be only level of security you use for your data.  It uses ActiveSupport::MessageEncryptor to encrypt and ActiveSupport::MessageVerifier to sign the cookie values, so it is at best as secure as these two libraries. Be sure to keep your Storefronts::Application.config.secret_token safe and secret, as both of the above libraries use it in your Rails application.

== License

Copyright (c) 2011 Les Fletcher

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.